# 12 October 2022
* (Recording)
## Attendees (slack handles or full names, your choice üòÑ ):
* Laura
* Ringo
* Kat Morgan
* Fraser Waters
* Sean
### Moderator:
Laura Santamaria/@nimbinatus [Pulumi]
### Note Taker:
Laura Santamaria/@nimbinatus [Pulumi]
## Agenda:
* Announcements
    * Due to the typical number of low-quality pull requests that get submitted to open repos for Hacktoberfest, Pulumi projects with maintainers from Pulumi (the pulumi org repos) are not participating directly with Hacktoberfest. You can request to add the label to your PR, however, to get the credit.
* Topic 1: Update plans coming out of experimental at some point soon [expert: Fraser]
    * Working on getting that rolled out
* Topic 2: Timings added to resource operations and maybe even estimates [expert: Fraser]
    * Idea came from the last hackathon. Hope to make it easier to understand how long resources will take to stand up
    * Probably coming next release for the first bit
* Topic 3: ‚ÄúShimless‚Äù [expert: Fraser]
    * Providers and components in every language well-supported. No more needing a build process.
    * Runtime will be available to them to execute, possibly
    * Another project from the last hackathon
    * So if someone wrote it in Node, and you‚Äôre a Python shop, Pulumi would be able to wrap it in Docker and run it (maybe! That might be a followup on top of shimless)
    * Long-term vision is a really strong multi-language ecosystem. People can write in their favorite language and share with others. Avoid fragmenting the ecosystem into language tribes and get everyone together to use one another‚Äôs stuff equally without requiring knowledge of that language.
## Shoutouts:
If you‚Äôd like to shout out a fellow contributor, leave a note in #contribute!
